ZPP-CCL-06-2024 
Dear valued customers, 
 
New Electric Vehicle Insurance Plan 
 
Thank you for choosing Zurich. As the electric vehicle landscape continues to evolve, we're 
excited to announce the launch of our new electric vehicle (EV) insurance plan, specifically 
designed to address the unique needs of your EV ownership. 
 
1. Up to 3 years New-for-Old EV Replacement and betterment contribution waiver with 
related tax concession arrangement  
We extend the new-for-old benefit and 0% betterment contribution to 3 years. and  
customers would be worry free about the relevant tax incurred in "One-for-One replacement 
scheme” in new-for-old EV replacement in the unfortunate event of a total loss for insured 
value at least the new replacement value. 
 
2. Advanced Technology Coverage 
The increasing prevalence of advanced driving assistance technologies in EVs necessitates 
specialized coverage. Our new EV plan provides comprehensive protection for damage 
caused to your EV and third-party property when using the features approved by local 
authorities.  
 
3. Comprehensive Charging Protection and Enhanced Charger Liability Coverage 
Our EV plan provides coverage for battery damage that may occur during the charging 
process. Additionally, the plan offers Electric Car Charger protection covering self-owned 
charger accidental damage. It also covers any damage caused to the third-party (including 
charger) while charging. The charger liability limit also increased to HK$20 million, ensuring 
you have ample coverage in the event of a significant incident. 
 
4. Peace of Mind During Repairs 
In addition to our existing temporary substitute vehicle and taxi expense reimbursement 
benefits, our new EV plan offers you the flexibility to choose a $1,000 cash benefit if the 
repair time exceeds two weeks when the customer makes no claim to temporary substitute 
vehicle and taxi expense reimbursement.  
 
5. Breakdown and Charging Support 
Our new plan offers coverage for emergency support when your EV cannot move on road, 
including due to depleted battery.  Additionally, you'll receive a taxi allowance (up to $200 
per incident, with a yearly limit) when towing service is required due to a depleted battery.  
 
6. Environmentally Friendly Disposal of Battery 
At Zurich, we are committed to sustainability.  Our new EV plan offers an industry-leading 
benefit: coverage for the cost of environmental friendly battery disposal in the case of a total 
loss.  
 
The above highlights the major changes only. Please refer to the policy document for details. 
Your policy will adopt the enhancements described above after renewal. Should you have 
any enquiries, please do not hesitate to contact your insurance consultant or call our 
Customer Service Hotline at 2968 2288.  
 
Thank you for your continuous support to Zurich. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd 
 
 
 
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd 
(a company incorporated  
in Switzerland with limited liability) 
 
25-26/F, One Island East 
18 Westlands Road 
Island East, Hong Kong 
 
Telephone: +852 2968 2288 
Fax: +852 2968 0639 
Website: www.zurich.com.hk 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                 
ZPP-CCL-06-2024 
 
  
 
 
致尊貴的客戶： 
 
全新電動車保險計劃 
 
感謝您選擇蘇黎世。隨著電動車行業的不斷發展，我們很高興地宣布推出我們的全新電動車保
險計劃，專門為您的電動車擁有提供適切的保障:  
 
1. 高達3 年的「同款新車賠償」及「改善分擔」豁免支付 
我們將保險價值至少為全新置換額的同款新車賠償以及改善分擔豁免支付延長至3年。此外，
在不幸的全損情況下，我們的同款新車賠償讓客戶無需憂心於全新換舊電動車時因「電動車首
次登記稅的寬減安排」下潛在的稅務金額與投保的全新置換額之間的差額。。 
 
2. 先進輔助駕車技術使用保障 
電動車中先進駕駛輔助科技的發展變得更普及。我們的新計劃為您的電動車和第三方財產在使
用政府批准的相關科技功能時提供全面的保護。 
 
3. 充電時的電池保障和增強的充電器責任保障 
新計劃對充電過程中可能發生的電池損壞提供保障，更提供了由車主擁有之電動汽車充電器因
意外損毀的保障。另外保障亦涵蓋充電時對第三方財產（包括充電器）造成的損害的責任，相
關責任限額也增至2,000萬港元，確保您在發生重大事故時獲得充足的保障。 
 
4. 維修期間的代步保障選擇 
除了我們現有的代步汽車租用和計程車費用的索償選擇外，我們的新計劃為您提供更多選擇，
如果維修時間超過兩周，並且沒有索償代步汽車租用和計程車費用，您可以選擇獲得1,000港
元現金。 
 
5. 路上故障支援 
我們的新計劃提供在您的電動車無法行駛時的緊急支援，包括因電池耗盡而無法行駛。此外，
當因電池耗盡需要拖車服務時，您可獲得計程車津貼（每次最高200港元，每年最多一次）。 
 
6. 肩負可持續發展的方式處理電池的責任 
蘇黎世致力於可持續發展。我們更承諾於全損情況下，蘇黎世會全額負責以可持續發展方式處
理電池的費用。 
 
以上僅為計劃保障的主要更改。詳情請參閱保單文件。以上的保障項目將您的保單將在續保後
生效。如有任何疑問，請隨時與您的保險顧問聯繫，或致電我們的客戶服務熱線2968 2288。 
 
感謝您對蘇黎世持續的支持。 
 
蘇黎世保險有限公司   謹啟 
蘇黎世保險有限公司 
（於瑞士註冊成立之有限公司） 
 
香港港島東華蘭路18號 
港島東中心25-26樓 
 
電話：+852 2968 2288 
傳真：+852 2968 0639 
網址：www.zurich.com.hk