Driver Details Update Form_062020 
 Dah Sing Insurance Company (1976) Limited 大新保險（1976）有限公司 
 
 Page 1 of 4 
 
 
 
 
DRIVER DETAILS UPDATE FORM 駕駛者資料更新表格 
 Please complete in English BLOCK Letters 請以英文正楷填寫             
 
 
          Please「√」the appropriate box  請在適當方格內劃上「√」    
1. Information of Proposer 投保人資料 
Name of Proposer 
投保人名稱 
Registration Mark 
車牌號碼 
Policy Number 
保單號碼 
Effective Date                           
生效日期                   /            /           (DD 日/MM 月/YYYY 年) 
2. Information of Driver(s)駕駛者資料 
Please provide details of the Proposer and any other persons who may drive the vehicle as below. For more than 2 named drivers, an additional 
premium of 10% will be charged for each additional driver. (for comprehensive cover only) 
請於下表詳述投保人及其他駕駛者資料。若超過兩名駕駛者，每位加收保費10%。（只適用於綜合保險） 
 
 
Main Driver 1 
主要駕駛者 1 
Main Driver 2 
主要駕駛者2 
Main Driver 3 
主要駕駛者3 
Main Driver 4 
主要駕駛者4 
Full Name 
姓名 
 
 
 
 
Date of Birth (DD/MM/YYYY) 
出生日期（日／月／年) 
/      / 
/      / 
/      / 
/      / 
Gender 
性別 
Male 男／Female 女 Male 男／Female 女 
Male 男／Female 女 
Male 男／Female 女 
Relationship with Proposer  
與投保人關係    
 
 
 
 
Occupation 
職業 
 
 
 
 
Driving Licence – Vehicle Classification Codes 
駕駛執照 - 車輛類別代號 
 
 
 
 
Number of Year Driving in Hong Kong   
在香港的駕駛年資 
 
 
 
 
Number of Year Driving Elsewhere, Please State the 
Country(ies) 
在外地的駕駛年資，請註明國家 
 
 
 
 
3. Driving Experience 駕駛經驗 
(a) 
 
Have a valid driving licence issued by the Government 
of HKSAR for less than 2 years or are under 25 years of 
age? 持有由香港特別行政區政府簽發之有效駕駛執照不
足兩年或年齡不足二十五歲？ 
Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ 
(b)  
 
Any 
driving-offence 
point, 
police 
enquiries 
or 
prosecutions pending in connection with the use of a 
motor vehicle during the past 3 years? 最近三年是否曾
經因使用車輛而被扣分或正接受警方調查或被檢控？ 
Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ 
(c) 
Suffered from any defective vision, hearing or from any 
physical or mental infirmity? 患有視力、聽覺障礙或任何
身體殘障？ 
Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ 
(d) 
Have you ever been declined, refused to renew or 
renewed but subject to special terms or conditions for 
motor insurance policy? 曾否於申請汽車保險時被拒投
保、拒絕續保，或續保時被附加特別條款？ 
Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ 
(e) 
Any accident, loss or claim in connection with the use of 
a motor vehicle during the past 3 years?  
是否曾經在最近三年因使用車輛而發生意外、引致損失或
要求賠償？ 
Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ Yes 是 □ No 否 □ 
Please elaborate if any of above answer(s) is /are “Yes”. 若以上任何一項答案為「是」，請詳述之。 
 
 
 
 
Dah Sing Insurance Company (1976) Limited 
20/F Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, 
North Point, Hong Kong 
Tel: 852 2808 5000 
Fax: 852 2598 8008 
Email: dsi@dahsing.com 
Website: www.dahsinginsurance.com 

 
Driver Details Update Form_062020 
 Dah Sing Insurance Company (1976) Limited 大新保險（1976）有限公司 
 
 Page 2 of 4 
 
 
4. Personal Information Collection Statement (“PICS”)個人資料收集聲明 
1. Purpose: Your personal data (including credit information and claims history) are collected by Dah Sing Insurance Company (1976) Limited 
(“Company”) for the purpose of: 目的：大新保險（1976）有限公司（以下簡稱「本公司」）為以下目的收集 閣下之個人資料（包括信用資料
和以往申索紀錄）： 
(i)  processing, administering, implementing and effecting the requests indicated in this document or any documents that you may submit to the 
Company from time to time; 處理、管理、落實及實行 閣下提交予本公司的本文件或不時提交的任何其他文件中所表明的申請； 
(ii) providing all services related to this document (and the relevant insurance policy), including (but without limitation) promoting and improving 
such services or related services provided by the Company or its subsidiaries and affiliates; 提供與本文件（和有關保單）相關的一切服務，
包括（但不限於）推廣及改善本公司或其子公司及關聯公司提供的有關本次申請的服務或相關服務； 
(iii) communicating with you in relation to administrative purposes; 就行政目的與 閣下聯絡； 
(iv) investigating, processing and paying claims made under your insurance policy and detect and prevent fraud (whether or not relating to the 
policy issued in respect of this application); 調查、處理及繳付 閣下保單的索償申請以及偵測和防止欺詐行為（無論是否與就此申請而發出
的保單有關）； 
(v) co-operating with any investigation and meeting any disclosure requirements imposed by any legal, regulatory, governmental, tax, law 
enforcement or other authorities, or regulatory or industry bodies within or outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
(“HKSAR”); 依照在香港特別行政區境內或境外任何法律、監管、政府、稅務、執法或其他機關，或監管機構或行業組織的要求，配合調查及
作出披露； 
(vi) transferring your personal data to any federation or similar organisation of insurance companies (“Federation”) and any members of the 
Federation to carry out its regulatory functions and/or in the interest of insurance industry or any members; 將 閣下的個人資料發送給任何
保險公司聯會或類似組織（以下簡稱「聯會」）以及聯會的任何成員，以供其履行其監管職能及／或為保險行業或聯會的任何成員的合理利益
所需的其他職能； 
(vii) statistical or actuarial research; and 統計或精算研究；及 
(viii) other ancillary purposes which are directly related to the purposes set out above. 其他直接與以上目的相關的目的。 
For using the personal data provided by you for promotional/marketing purposes, please refer to the section titled “Use of Personal Data in 
Direct Marketing”. 
The failure to provide the personal data by you may result in the Company being unable to provide products and services, assess your policy 
application, process claims under insurance policies issued by the Company, or process any other requests, enquiries, or complaints from you. 
就本公司使用 閣下提供的個人資料作宣傳或市場推廣用途，請參閱「使用個人資料作直接促銷用途」一節。未能提供所需的個人資料可能導致
本公司無法為 閣下提供產品及服務、評估 閣下的保單申請、處理保單索償、或處理任何 閣下提出的要求、查詢或投訴。 
2. Transfer: Personal data provided by you to the Company will be kept confidential but it may be transferred to parties mentioned below for the 
aforementioned purposes: 轉移：閣下提供的個人資料將保密處理，惟會因以上所述之目的將此等資料轉移給以下各方： 
(i) any related company(ies), including subsidiaries or affiliates of the Company; 本公司的任何成員公司，包括附屬公司及聯屬公司；  
(ii) any other unrelated company engaging in the business of insurance, financial services intermediaries or reinsurance; 任何其他從事保險、
金融服務中介團體或再保險相關業務的非本公司成員公司； 
(iii) financial service intermediaries that are authorised by the Company for the distribution of products and services provided by the Company;  
獲本公司授權以分銷本公司所提供之產品及服務的金融服務中介團體； 
(iv) claims, investigation or other services provider providing services relevant to your insurance policies; 提供與 閣下的保單有關的索償、調
查或其他服務的提供者； 
(v) insurance adjusters, agents and brokers; employers; health care professionals; hospitals; accountants; financial advisors; solicitors; 
organisations that consolidate claims and underwriting information for the insurance industry; fraud prevention organisations; other 
insurance companies (whether directly or through fraud prevention organisation or other persons named in this paragraph), the police and 
databases or registers (and their operators) used by the insurance industry to analyse and check information provided against existing 
information, who may collect and use this information only as reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes for detecting and preventing 
fraud (whether or not relating to the policy issued in respect of this application) as described above; 保險理算人、代理和經紀、僱主、醫護
專業人士、醫院、會計師、財務顧問、律師、整合保險業申索和承保資料的組織、預防欺詐組織、其他保險公司（無論是直接地，或是通過
預防欺詐組織或本段中指名的其他人士）、警察，以及保險業就現有資料而對所提供的資料作出分析和檢查的數據庫或登記冊（及其運營者），
而他們只能在有合理需要履行偵測和防止欺詐行為（無論是否與就此申請而發出的保單有關）承上述目的之情況下，才可收集和使用這些資
料； 
(vi) relevant industry association and Federation that exist or are formed from time to time; 現有或不時成立的相關行業協會及聯會； 
(vii) any person (including agent, contractor or third-party service provider) who provides administrative, telecommunication, computer, 
payment, data processing or other services in connection with the operation of the Company’s business and provision of products and 
services to you; 就本公司之營運及向 閣下提供之產品及服務而為本公司提供相關的行政、電訊、電腦、付款、數據處理或其他服務的任何
人士（包括代理商、承包商或第三方服務提供者）； 
(viii) any legal, regulatory, governmental, tax, law enforcement or other authorities, or regulatory or industry bodies within or outside HKSAR;  
於香港境內或境外任何法律、監管、政府、稅務、執法或其他機關，或監管機構或行業組織； 
(ix) any third-party in connection with a transfer or a potential transfer of all or part of the business of the Company and some of the transferees 
may be located within or outside HKSAR; and 與本公司業務的轉讓或擬議轉讓有關的任何第三方，當中部分受讓方或位於香港境內或境
外；及 
(x) Your insurance agents, intermediaries or referrer. 閣下的保險代理人或中介人或介紹人。 
3. Access: You have the right to ascertain what type of personal data the Company holds, whether the Company holds your personal data and, if 
so, the right to request access to and correction of any such personal data. Such request can be made to the Data Protection Officer of the 

 
Driver Details Update Form_062020 
 Dah Sing Insurance Company (1976) Limited 大新保險（1976）有限公司 
 
 Page 3 of 4 
 
Company at 20/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong. The Company has the right to charge a reasonable fee for 
processing a request to access your personal data. 查閱：閣下有權查明本公司持有個人資料的類別、本公司是否持有 閣下的個人資料，如持
有，閣下有權要求查閱本公司持有涉及 閣下的個人資料以及對該等資料作出更正。閣下可向本公司的資料保障主任提出此等要求，其地址為香
港北角英皇道510 號港運大廈20 樓。本公司有權為處理 閣下的個人資料查閱要求而收取合理費用。 
Use of Personal Data in Direct Marketing 使用個人資料作直接促銷用途 
4. Direct Marketing: Apart from the aforementioned purposes, the Company intends to use your personal data in direct marketing and the 
Company requires your consent (which includes an indication of no objection) for that purpose. In this connection, please note that: 直接促銷：
除了以上所述的用途，本公司擬把 閣下資料作直接促銷用途，而本公司爲該用途須獲得 閣下同意（包括表示不反對）。就此，請注意： 
(i) 
your name, contact details, products and services portfolio information, transaction pattern and behaviour, financial background and 
demographic data held by the Company may from time to time be used by the Company in direct marketing; 本公司可能把本公司不時持
有的 閣下姓名、聯絡資料、産品及服務組合資料、交易模式及行爲、財務背景及人口統計數據作直接促銷用途； 
(ii) 
the following classes of services, products and subjects may be marketed: 以下類別的服務、産品及促銷標的可能用作促銷： 
(1) 
financial, insurance, credit card, banking and related services and products; 財務、保險、信用卡、銀行及相關服務及産品； 
(2) 
reward, loyalty or privileges programmes and related services and products; 獎賞、客戶或會員或優惠計劃及相關服務及産品； 
(3) 
services and products offered by the Company’s co-branding partners (the names of such co-branding partners can be found in the 
application form(s) and/or advertising leaflet(s)/poster(s) for the relevant services and products, as the case may be); and 本公司的
聯營夥伴提供之服務及産品（該等聯營夥伴的名稱載於相關服務及產品（視乎情況而定）的申請表及／或宣傳單張／海報中）；及 
(4) 
donations and contributions for charitable and/or non-profit making purposes; 爲慈善或非牟利機構用途的捐款及捐贈； 
(iii) the above services, products and subjects may be provided or (in the case of donations and contributions) solicited by the Company 
and/or: 上述服務、産品及促銷標的可能由本公司及／或下列各方提供或（就捐款及捐贈而言）徵求： 
(1) 
group companies of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited (“DSFH”); 大新金融集團有限公司的集團公司； 
(2) 
third party financial institutions, insurers, credit card companies, securities and investment services providers; 第三方金融機構、保
險商、信用卡公司、證券及投資服務供應商； 
(3) 
third party reward, loyalty, co-branding or privileges programme providers; 第三方回贈、客戶獎勵或優惠計劃供應商； 
(4) 
co-branding partners of the Company and group companies of DSFH (the names of such co-branding partners can be found in the 
application form(s) and/or advertising leaflet(s)/poster(s) for the relevant services and products, as the case may be); and 本公司及
大新金融集團有限公司的集團公司的聯營夥伴（該等聯營夥伴的名稱載於相關服務及產品（視乎情況而定）的申請表及／或宣傳單張
／海報中）提供的服務及產品；及 
(5) 
charitable or non-profit making organisations; 慈善或非牟利機構； 
(iv) in addition to marketing the above services, products and subjects by the Company, the Company also intends to provide the data 
described in paragraph (4)(i) above to all or any of the persons described in paragraph (4)(iii) above for use by them or any of those 
persons in marketing those services, products and subjects, and the Company requires your written consent (which includes an indication 
of no objection) for that purpose; 除由本公司推廣上述服務、産品及促銷標的以外，本公司亦擬將以上(4)(i) 段所述的資料提供予以上 (4)(iii) 
段所述的全部或任何人士，以供該等人士在推廣該等服務、産品及促銷標的中使用，而本公司爲此用途須獲得 閣下書面同意（包括表示不
反對）； 
(v) The Company may receive money or other property in return for providing the data to the other persons in paragraph (4)(iv) above and, 
when requesting your consent or no objection as described in paragraph (4)(iv) above, the Company will inform you if it will receive any 
money or other property in return for providing the data to the other persons. 本公司可能因如以上(4)(iv)段所述將資料提供予其他人士而獲
得金錢或其他財産的回報。如本公司會因提供資料予其他人士而獲得任何金錢或其他財産的回報，本公司會於以上(4)(iv)段所述徵求 閣下
同意或不反對時如是通知 閣下。  
If you do not wish the Company to use or provide to other persons your data for their use in direct marketing as described above, you 
may exercise your opt-out right by notifying the Company. Please add「√」in the appropriate box.  如 閣下不希望本公司如上述使用 閣
下的資料或將 閣下的資料提供予其他人士作直接促銷用途，閣下可通知本公司以行使 閣下拒絶推廣之選擇權。請於適當方格內加上「√」。 
 本人不願 貴公司使用本人之個人資料作直接促銷用途。 
r not such 
persons are group companies of DSFH. 本人不願 貴公司將本人的個人資料提供予任何其他人士作直接促銷用途，不論該等人士是否大新金融
集團有限公司的集團公司。 
You may, in future, withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data by the Company and/or any third parties in direct marketing. Such 
request can be made to the Data Protection Officer of the Company at 20/F, Island Place Tower, 510 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong and 
the Company shall cease to use your personal data in indirect marketing. 閣下將來可以撤回 閣下對個人資料作本公司及第三方直接促銷用途的
同意書。這項要求可向本公司的資料保障主任提出，其地址為香港北角英皇道510號港運大廈20樓。此後，本公司須停止使用 閣下的個人資料作
直接促銷用途。 
Amendment to the PICS 個人資料收集聲明的修訂 
The Company reserves the right to, at any time with or without notice, amend the PICS by publishing such amendments on the website of the 
Company. However, the Company may (but is not obliged to), in addition to the aforesaid, notify you in writing of such amendment. Should there 
be any amendment to the PICS, such amendment will become effective with immediate effect. 本公司保留權利可隨時且在無須通知的情況下通過
在本公司的網站上發佈修訂本個人資料收集聲明。然而，雖然如上所述，本公司可能（但沒有義務）以書面形式知會 閣下相關修訂。任何有關個
人資料收集聲明的修訂將在刊登後即時生效。 
 

 
Driver Details Update Form_062020 
 Dah Sing Insurance Company (1976) Limited 大新保險（1976）有限公司 
 
 Page 4 of 4 
 
 
5. Declaration 聲明 
1. 
I/We hereby declare my/our presence in Hong Kong at the time of application. 本人／吾等特此聲明本人／吾等申請此保險時身處香港。 
2. 
I/We hereby declare that the information given above is true and correct to the best of my/our knowledge and I/we believe that all material 
facts affecting the assessment of this application have been disclosed.  I/We understand that this application will not become effective until 
this Proposal Form has been accepted by Dah Sing Insurance Company (1976) Limited (“Company”) and agree that this Proposal Form 
should be the basis of the contract between me/us and the Company. 本人／吾等特此聲明在本投保書內所填報的資料均盡本人／吾等所知
為屬實及正確，並確信已披露所有足以影響評估本申請的重要事項。本人／吾等明白本投保書被大新保險（1976）有限公司（以下簡稱「貴
公司」）接納後，本申請方始生效，本人／吾等並同意本投保書作為本人／吾等與 貴公司之間的合約基礎。 
3. 
I/We understand I/we shall refer to the policy document of this Plan for the details of the insurance coverage, exclusion clauses and terms 
and conditions, and I/we have read the related policy document. 本人／吾等明白所有保障項目、不承保事項、條款及細則概以此計劃保單
為準，並聲明已細閱有關保單文件。 
4. 
I/We have read and agree to be bound by the PICS and in particular, I/we agree that all personal data about me/us collected by the 
Company may be held and disclosed within or outside Hong Kong. 本人／吾等已細閱並同意受個人資料收集聲明的約束，特別是，本人／
吾等同意所有  貴公司所收集有關本人／吾等的個人資料可在香港或香港以外地區持有及披露。 
5. 
I/We understand that the provision of the personal data requested in this form is mandatory, and my/our failure to provide all data requested 
may mean the Company is unable to process my/our application. 本人／吾等明白提供本投保書上要求的個人資料是必需的，本人／吾等未
能提供所需資料可導致  貴公司不能處理本人／吾等的申請。 
6. 
I/We understand that this service/ product is not targeted at customers in the EU. 本人／吾等明白本服務／產品並不是以歐盟的人士為目
標。 
 
In the event of any discrepancy between the Chinese and English versions, the English version shall prevail. 如中文及英文版之間有任何差異，一
概以英文版為準。 
 
 
 
_____________________________________________________ 
Signature of Proposer with company chop (If applicable) 
投保人簽署及公司蓋印（如適用者） 
_______________________________ 
Date 
日期