1 
 
ZPP-001-05-2024E 
 
 
 
Private Motor Car Insurance Policy – Electric Vehicle 
Please read this Policy, the Schedule and the certificate of insurance 
and ensure that they are in accordance with your requirements. If you 
would like a copy of this in large print, please contact our Customer 
Care Centre at +852 2968 2288. 
 
 
PART 1 
(1) Insuring clause 
The Insured and the Insurer agree: 
(a) the Proposal and Declaration is incorporated in and is the basis of 
this insurance contract; 
(b) the Insured shall pay the premium specified in the Schedule; 
(c) the Insurer shall provide the insurance subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Policy in respect of any Event occurring during 
the period of insurance specified in the Schedule; and 
(d) the following shall be conditions precedent to any liability of the 
Insurer: 
i. 
observance of the terms and conditions of this Policy relating 
to anything to be done or not to be done or to be complied 
with by the Insured or any other person claiming to be 
indemnified; and 
ii. 
the truth of the Proposal and Declaration. 
This Policy shall not be in force unless it has been signed in the 
Schedule by a person authorized by the Insurer. 
 
 
PART 2  
(2) General definitions 
For the purpose of this Policy: 
(a) “Insurer” means Zurich Insurance Company Ltd 
(b) “Event” means any one event or series of events arising out of 
one common cause or source in connection with the Motor Car. 
(c) “Geographical Area” means the territories of the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region and includes its territorial waters 
for the purpose of the transit of the Motor Car by sea (including 
incidental loading or unloading) by a craft designed for the 
carriage of motor cars. 
(d) “Insured” means the person specified as such in the Schedule. 
(e) “Insured Driver” means the Insured or any other person who is 
driving on the Insured’s order or with his permission provided that 
the Insured or the person driving holds a license to drive the 
Motor Car or has held and is not disqualified from holding or 
obtaining such a license. The term “license” means a license or 
other permit required under the laws or regulations or by the 
licensing authority of the Geographical Area. 
(f) 
“Motor Car” means the motor car/electric vehicle specified in the 
Schedule. 
(g)  “Policy” means this Private Motor Car Insurance Policy, the 
Schedule and any memoranda and endorsements contained 
herein or endorsed hereon which shall be read as one document 
and any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been 
assigned shall bear such meaning throughout. 
(h) “Proposal and Declaration” means any signed enrollment form 
and declaration and any information supplied by or on behalf of 
the Insured in addition thereto or in substitution therefor. 
(i) 
“Schedule” means the pages attached to this Policy specifying the 
terms and details of this insurance contract. 
(j) 
“Betterment” means the difference between the value of the new 
spare parts for replacement and the value of the damaged spare 
parts at the time of reported accident with reference to the year of 
manufacture of the Motor Car as set out in the table of Better 
Contribution under paragraph 5(d) below. 
(k) “Betterment Contribution" means the amount of Betterment to be 
borne by the Insured. 
(l) 
In this Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the singular 
includes the plural and vice versa, and a reference to one gender 
includes a reference to the other genders. 
 
PART 3  
(3) Operative insurance cover 
(a) Where the “Terms of Cover” in the Schedule is stated to be 
“Comprehensive”, Sections 1, 2 and 3 under Part 5 of this Policy 
are operative. 
(b) Where the “Terms of Cover” in the Schedule is stated to be “Third 
Party Only”, only Section 2 under Part 5 of this Policy is operative. 
(c) Where the “Terms of Cover” in the Schedule is stated to be “Third 
Party Fire & Theft”, Section 1 under Part 5 in respect of loss of or 
damage to the Motor Car resulting directly from fire, self-ignition, 
lightning, explosion, theft or attempted theft and independently of 
all other causes and Section 2 under Part 5 of this Policy are 
operative. 
 
 
PART 4 
(4) Limitations as to use of the Motor Car 
The insurance coverage under any part of this Policy is operative only 
when the Motor Car is used for social, domestic and pleasure 
purposes or for the Insured’s business or profession. This Policy shall 
not operate when the Motor Car is used for hire or reward, racing, 
pacemaking, reliability trial, speed testing or used for any purpose in 
connection with the motor trade. 
 
 
PART 5 – COVER 
(5) Section 1 – Against loss of or damage to the Motor Car 
(a) The Insurer shall indemnify the Insured against loss of or damage 
to the Motor Car and/or its accessories, and/or its spare parts, 
including the electric vehicle battery owned by the Insured, whilst 
thereon. Damages caused by the use of advanced driving 
assistance technologies installed by the Motor Car manufacture 
and approved to be used on the roads by the Transport 
Department will also be indemnified. The Insurer may, at its 
option, repair, reinstate or replace the Motor Car and/or its 
accessories and/or its spare parts or pay in cash the amount of 
such loss or damage. 
The Insurer’s indemnity pursuant to this paragraph 5(a) is limited 
to: 
i. 
the reasonable market value of the Motor Car at the time of 
its loss or damage; or 
ii. 
the Insured’s estimated value of the Motor Car as specified 
in the Schedule; whichever is the lesser amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of indemnity which the 
Insurer is liable under this paragraph 5(a) is after deduction of the 
claims excess(es) specified in paragraph 8 below.      
(b) If the Motor Car is disabled by reason of loss or damage insured 
by this Policy, the Insurer shall additionally pay the reasonable 
cost of: 
i. 
protection and removal of the Motor Car to the nearest 
repairer; and 
ii. 
redelivery after repair to the Insured’s address within the 
Geographical Area where the loss or damage was 
sustained; 
provided that the amount recoverable hereunder shall not exceed 
20% of the agreed cost of repairs to the Motor Car. 
(c) In the event of loss of or damage to the Motor Car and/or its 
accessories and/or its spare parts necessitating the supply of a 
part not obtainable from stock held in the Geographical Area in 
which the Motor Car is held for repair, or in the event of the 
Insurer exercising the option to pay in cash, the amount of the 

 
 
2 
 
ZPP-002-05-2024E 
loss or damage the liability of the Insurer in respect of any such 
part shall be limited to the price quoted in the latest catalogue or 
price list issued by the manufacturer or his agents for the 
Geographical Area in which the Motor Car is held for repair, or if 
no such catalogue or price list exists, the price last obtaining at 
the manufacturer’s works plus the reasonable cost of transport 
otherwise than by air to the Geographical Area in which the Motor 
Car is held for repair and the amount of the relative import duty 
and the reasonable cost of fitting such part.  
(d) In respect of loss or damage to the Motor Car and repair of the 
Motor Car is required at the time of reported accident, the Insurer 
agrees to indemnify the Insured on the spare parts replacement 
costs after deducting the Betterment Contribution on the costs of 
new spare parts set out below:  
Betterment Contribution is derived by multiplying the applicable 
percentages of Betterment Contribution with the costs of the new 
spare parts for replacement.  
Year of Manufacture 
(from the year of manufacture 
printed on vehicle registration 
document issued by 
Transport Department) 
Percentage of Betterment 
Contribution to be borne 
by the Insured 
Not exceeding one year 
0% 
More than one year but not 
exceeding two years 
10%  or 0% (0% of better 
contribution is subject to 
meeting requirement of 
sub-clause (i) below)  
More than two years but not 
exceeding three years 
15% or 0% (0% of better 
contribution is subject to 
meeting requirement of 
sub-clause (i) below) 
More than three years but not 
exceeding four years 
20% 
More than four years but not 
exceeding five years 
25% 
More than five years but not 
exceeding six years 
30% 
Over six years 
over 30% and subject to 
the value of the damaged 
spare parts at the time of 
reported accident.   
i. 
The Insured is not required to bear the amount of Betterment 
Contribution on those spare parts which need replacement, 
provided:  
(I) 
the Insured is the first or second registered owner; 
(II) the first or second registration of the Motor Car with the 
Transport Department must be made within 12 months 
from the date of manufacture thereof; 
(III) the Motor Car not exceeding three years from the year 
of manufacture printed in the vehicle registration 
document issued by the Transport Department; and 
(IV) the Insured's estimated value of the Motor Car as 
specified in the Schedule must be at least the “New 
Replacement Value” of the Motor Car at the time of 
effective date of this Policy. 
• 
“New Replacement Value” shall mean: 
the reasonable market value of a brand new 
electric vehicle with same make and model after 
the first registration tax (“FRT”) concession under 
the FRT Concession “One-for-One” Replacement 
Scheme of the Hong Kong Government. 
(6) Special conditions applicable to Section 1 
(a) If at the Insured’s request an other interested party has been 
specified in the Schedule or in a memorandum endorsed hereon, 
any payment in cash by the Insurer in respect of loss of or 
damage to the Motor Car shall be made to the other interested 
party so specified whose receipt shall be a full and final discharge 
of all liability of the Insurer in respect of such loss or damage. 
(b) The Insured may authorize the repair of the Motor Car 
necessitated by damage for which the Insurer may be liable under 
this Policy provided that: 
i. 
the estimated cost of such repair does not exceed the 
amount specified in the Schedule as “Authorized Repair 
Limit”; 
ii. 
the Insurer is furnished forthwith with a detailed estimate of 
the repair cost; and 
iii. 
the Insured shall give the Insurer every assistance to see 
that such repair is necessary and the charge is reasonable. 
(c) Where repair cost to the Motor Car is the subject of a claim under 
Section 1, the Insurer shall have a right of veto concerning a 
proposed place of repair or motor repairer.  The Insurer shall have 
the right to exercise its authority to appoint a motor repairer for 
the repair of the Motor Car if the fee estimate of the repair costs 
submitted by the Insured’s appointed motor repairer appear 
unreasonable. 
(7) Special exceptions applicable to Section 1 
The Insurer shall not be liable in respect of: 
(a) consequential loss; 
(b) depreciation, wear and tear, mechanical or electrical breakdown, 
failure  or breakage; 
(c) battery damage due to loss of capacity or loss of performance; 
(d) damage to tires unless damage is caused to other parts of the 
Motor Car at the same time, and 
(e) any claims excesses applicable to Section 1. 
(8) Claims excesses applicable to Section 1 
(a) In respect of any Event giving rise to a claim (other than an Event 
of theft or attempted theft), the Insurer shall not be liable for the 
first amount of such claim specified in the Schedule as “General 
Excess”. 
(b) The first amount of any claim for which the Insurer is not liable 
pursuant to paragraph 8(a) shall be increased if at the time of the 
occurrence of the Event giving rise to the claim: 
i. 
the Motor Car is being driven by a person other than a 
“Named Driver” specified in the Schedule, by an additional 
amount by way of the “Unnamed Driver Excess” specified in 
the Schedule; 
ii. 
the Motor Car is being driven by a person under 25 years of 
age, by an additional amount by way of the “Young Driver 
Excess” specified in the Schedule; 
iii. 
the Motor Car is being driven by a person who has not held 
for a period of two years a driving license (other than a 
provisional driving license), by an additional amount by way 
of the “Inexperienced Driver Excess” specified in the 
Schedule; 
iv. 
the Motor Car is parked, by an additional amount by way of 
the “Parking Damage Excess” specified in the Schedule. 
(c) In respect of any claim arising out of theft or attempted theft of the 
Motor Car, the Insurer shall not be liable for the first amount of 
each claim specified in the Schedule as the “Theft Loss Excess”. 
(d) In the event of a claim under Section 1: 
i. 
if paragraph 8(c) is applicable, then paragraphs 8(a) and 
8(b) shall not be applicable; 
ii. 
if paragraph 8(a) and any or more of sub-paragraphs 8(b)(i), 
8(b)(ii), 8(b)(iii) and 8(b)(iv) are applicable, the first amount 
of such claim for which the Insurer is not liable shall be 
calculated cumulatively; 
iii. 
if the expenditure incurred by the Insurer shall include any 
amount for which the Insurer is not liable pursuant to 
paragraphs 8(a), 8(b), or 8(c), the Insured shall forthwith 
repay such amount to the Insurer. 
(e) The provisions of paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b) shall not apply to loss 
of or damage to the Motor Car caused by fire, self-ignition, 
lightning or explosion which arises independently and not out of 
any preceding accident involving the Motor Car. 
(9) Section 2 – Against third party legal liabilities 
Subject to Policy Limits of Liability Conditions and Exceptions, the 
Insurer shall indemnify the Insured and/or any Insured Driver and/or at 
the request of the Insured any person (other than the person driving) in 
or getting into or out of the Motor Car against all sums including 
claimant’s costs and expenses which the Insured and/or such Insured 
Driver and/or such other person shall become legally liable to pay and 
other costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Insured 
and/or such Insured Driver and/or such other person with the Insurer’s 
written consent in respect of: 
i. 
death of or bodily injury to any person; and/or 
ii. 
damage to property; 
where such death or bodily injury or property damage arises out of an 
accident caused by or in connection with the Motor Car including the 
loading or unloading of goods onto or from the Motor Car and within 
the limits of any carriageway or thoroughfare, the bringing of goods to 
the Motor Car for loading thereon or the taking away of goods from the 
Motor Car after unloading therefrom. Subject to Policy Limits of Liability 

 
 
3 
 
ZPP-002-05-2024E 
Conditions and Exceptions, damages caused by the use of advanced 
driving assistance technologies installed by the Motor Car manufacture 
and approved to be used on the road by the Transport Department will 
also be indemnified.  
(10) Policy limits of liability appliable to Section 2 
(a) The Insurer’s indemnity to the Insured and/or any other person 
claiming to be indemnified under Section 2, including claimant’s 
costs and expenses and other costs and expenses incurred by or 
on behalf of the Insured and/or such other person with the 
Insurer’s written consent arising out of any Event is limited to: 
i. 
in respect of death of or bodily injury to any person pursuant 
to sub-paragraph 9(i), the amount specified in the Schedule 
as Policy Liability Limit “Third Party Death or Bodily Injury”; 
and 
ii. 
in respect of damage to property pursuant to sub-paragraph 
9(ii), the amount specified in the Schedule as Policy Liability 
Limit “Third Party Property Damage”. 
Where this Policy insures more than one Motor Car, the 
limitations of the Insurer’s indemnity shall nevertheless apply 
irrespective of the number of insured Motor Cars that may be 
involved in the same Event. 
(b) If the occurrence of any Event results in indemnity to more than 
one person, the limitations of the Insurer’s indemnity specified in 
paragraph 10(a) shall apply to the aggregate of indemnity to all 
persons claiming to be indemnified and shall apply in priority to 
the Insured. 
(c) At any time after the happening of any Event giving rise to a claim 
or a series of claims under Section 2, the Insurer may pay to the 
Insured and/or any other person claiming to be indemnified the 
respective full amount of the Insurer’s liability specified in 
paragraph 10(a) (after the deduction of any sums already paid) or 
any lesser amount for which such claims can be settled, and the 
Insurer shall relinquish the conduct of any defense settlement or 
proceedings and shall not then be responsible for damages 
payable to the claimant and claimant’s costs, or for any damages 
alleged to have been caused to the Insured or such person in 
consequence of any alleged action or omission of the Insurer in 
connection with such defense settlement or proceedings, or of the 
Insurer relinquishing such conduct, nor shall the Insurer be liable 
for any costs or expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured or 
by such person or by any claimant or other person after the 
Insurer shall have relinquished such conduct. 
(11) Special conditions applicable to Section 2 
(a) In the event of the death of any person entitled to indemnity under 
Section 2, the Insurer shall in respect of the liability incurred by 
such person indemnify his legal personal representative in terms 
of and subject to the limitations of this insurance which apply to 
such person. 
(b) The Insurer may at its own option and expense: 
i. 
arrange for representation at any inquest or fatal injury in 
respect of any death which may be the subject of indemnity 
under Section 2; and/or 
ii. 
undertake the defense of proceedings in any court of law in 
respect of any act or alleged offence causing or relating to 
any Event which may be the subject of indemnity under 
Section 2. 
(12) Special exceptions applicable to Section 2 
The Insurer shall not be liable: 
(a) to indemnify any person claiming to be indemnified: 
i. 
unless such person shall observe, fulfil and be subject to the 
terms and conditions of this Policy in so far as they can 
apply; or 
ii. 
if such person is entitled to indemnity under any other 
insurance policy; 
(b) in respect of death of or bodily injury to any person arising out of 
and in the course of such person’s employment by: 
i. 
any person (including the Insured) claiming to be indemnified 
under Section 2; or 
ii. 
the employer of any person (including the Insured’s) claiming 
to be indemnified under Section 2; 
(c) in respect of damage to property belonging to or held in trust by or 
in the custody or control of: 
i. 
any person (including the Insured) claiming to be indemnified 
under Section 2; or 
ii. 
a member of the same household of any person (including 
the Insured’s) claiming to be indemnified under Section 2; 
(d) in respect of judgments which are not in the first instance 
delivered by or obtained from a court of competent jurisdiction of 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region; 
(e) any claims excesses applicable to Section 2. 
(f) 
any liability whilst the Motor Car is driven within any area to which 
the Hong Kong Airport (Restricted Areas) Regulations apply 
except in so far as it may be necessary solely to meet the 
requirements of the Motor Vehicles Insurance (Third Party Risks) 
Ordinance. 
(13) Claims excesses applicable to Section 2 
(a) In respect of any Event giving rise to a claim for indemnity against 
liabilities for third party property damage, the Insurer shall not be 
liable for the first amount of such claim specified in the Schedule 
as “Third Party Property Damage Excess”. 
(b) The first amount of any claim for which the Insurer is not liable 
pursuant to paragraph 13(a) shall be increased if at the time of 
the occurrence of the Event giving rise to the claim: 
i. 
the Motor Car is being driven by a person under 25 years of 
age, by an additional amount by way of the “Young Driver 
Excess Applicable to Third Party Property Damage”; 
ii. 
the Motor Car is being driven by a person who has not held 
for a period of two years a driving license (other than a 
provisional driving license), by an additional amount by way 
of the “Inexperienced Driver Excess Applicable to Third 
Party Property Damage”. 
(c) In the event of a claim under Section 2: 
i. 
if paragraph 13(a) and any or more of sub-paragraphs 
13(b)(i) and 13(b)(ii) are applicable, the first amount of such 
claim for which the Insurer is not liable shall be calculated 
cumulatively; 
ii. 
the payment of the first amount by the Insured is a condition 
precedent to the Insurer’s obligation to pay claims.  The 
Insurer shall not be liable for such claim in the event that this 
condition precedent is not complied with by the Insured; and 
iii. 
if the expenditure incurred by the Insurer resulting from a 
claim includes the amount for which the Insurer is not liable 
pursuant to paragraphs 13(a) and 13(b), the Insured shall 
forthwith repay such amount to the Insurer. 
(14) Avoidance of certain terms and right of recovery 
If the Insurer is obliged by the laws of any country within the 
Geographical Area or by virtue of any agreement between the Insurer 
and The Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Hong Kong to pay an amount for 
which the Insurer would not otherwise be liable under this Policy, the 
Insured and any other person on whose account the payment is made 
shall forthwith repay such amount to the Insurer. 
(15) Section 3 – Indemnity of medical expenses 
The Insurer shall pay to the Insured the reasonable medical expenses 
incurred in connection with any bodily injury by violent, accidental, 
external and visible means sustained by the Insured or the Insured 
Driver (other than the Insured) or any occupant of the Motor Car as the 
direct and immediate result of an accident to the Motor Car, provided 
always that the Insurer’s liability under Section 3 arising out of any 
Event shall not exceed the amount specified in the Schedule as 
Section 3 “Policy Limit of Indemnity”. 
 
 
PART 6 
(16) Claim-free discount (“the CFD”) 
Claim-free Period 
Claim-free 
discount 
Group (“CFD 
Group”) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CFD on premium at 
next policy renewal as 
determined by the 
Insurer 
Less than one year 
0% 
One year  
30%  
Two consecutive years  
35%  
Three consecutive 
years  
45%  
Four consecutive years  
50%  
Five or more 
consecutive years  
60%  
(a) In the event of no claim being made or arising in relation to the 
Motor Car under this Policy during any of the periods of insurance 
specified above (“Claim-free Period”), the Insured is entitled to a 
CFD on premium as determined by the Insurer at the next policy 
renewal. 
(b) For the avoidance of doubt, the percentage under the CFD Group 
is not the actual percentage to apply for calculating the CFD on 
premium at the next policy renewal.  The amount of CFD will be 

 
 
4 
 
ZPP-002-05-2024E 
determined by the Insurer taking into account factors including but 
not limited to the CFD Group, the age of the driver and the year of 
manufacture of the Motor Car. 
(c) If a single claim has been made or has arisen to the Motor Car 
insured under this Policy during a period of insurance of which: 
i. 
the CFD Group is 45% or less, the Insured shall no longer 
be entitled to any CFD on premium and any CFD on 
premium shall be cancelled; or  
ii. 
the CFD Group is 50% or 60%, the CFD on premium will be 
reduced to CFD Group of 30% or 35% respectively at the 
next policy renewal;  
If more than one claim has been made or has arisen, any CFD on 
premium shall be cancelled and the Motor Car will fall into the 
CFD Group of 0%. 
(d) Any claim made under any part of this Policy during a period of 
insurance shall result in cancellation or reduction of the CFD 
pursuant to paragraph 16(c) notwithstanding any assertion that 
the Insured and/or the person claiming to be indemnified is not to 
be blamed for or has not contributed to the occurrence of the 
Event resulting in the claim under this Policy except: 
i. 
the Insured can provide the Insurer with evidence of 
conviction against the third party driver(s) obtained from a 
court of competent jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region; and  
ii. 
a confirmation letter has been signed by the Insured and 
Insured Driver confirming that there is no prosecution 
against the Insured and Insured Driver and they have not 
received any writ or summons relating to the accident when 
the claim arises; or  
iii. 
In case the Insured and/or the Insured Driver are being 
prosecuted after the confirmation letter has been signed, 
they should immediately inform the Insurer. The Insurer 
reserves the right to request the Insured to pay to the Insurer 
any applicable premium difference forthwith to match the 
Insured correct risk exposure. 
(e) In the event of a transfer of interest in this Policy with the Insurer’s 
prior consent from one Insured to another, the Claim-free Period 
so far as it affects the new Insured shall commence afresh with 
effect from the date of transfer, and the original Insured shall 
retain his right to the CFD earned up to the date of transfer which 
right is applicable to any motor insurance policy taken out by the 
original Insured on any one private motor car within 12 months of 
the date of transfer.  
(f) 
If more than one Motor Car is insured under this Policy, any 
discounts applicable under this paragraph 16 shall be applied in 
accordance with the claims record in respect of each insured 
motor car. 
(g) This paragraph 16, if applicable, is subject to the “Claim-free 
discount protection” as per paragraph 20(a). 
(h) If a written confirmation from the Insured previous motor insurer 
supporting no claim discount “NCD”; no claim bonus “NCB” or 
claim-free discount “CFD” and/or Claim-free Period is not 
available at the point of this Policy’s issuance, the Insurer 
reserves the right to request for such written confirmation or any 
similar written proof at any time during which this Policy is in 
force, including prior to the Insurer paying any claim and/or 
renewing this Policy. In the event that the CFD on premium  
and/or Claim-free Period are applied because of any false or 
inaccurate information, representation or declaration made in the 
Proposal and Declaration, the Insurer reserves the right to 
request the Insured to pay to the Insurer any applicable premium 
difference forthwith to match the Insured correct risk exposure. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Insurer shall not be liable for any 
liability incurred under this Policy where any false, inaccurate or 
incomplete information, representation or declaration has been 
made in the Proposal and Declaration. 
 
 
PART 7 
(17) General exceptions 
The Insurer shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of: 
(a) any accident, loss, damage or liability caused, sustained or 
incurred: 
i. 
outside the Geographical Area; 
ii. 
whilst on the Insured’s order or with his permission or to his 
knowledge the Motor Car in respect of which indemnity is 
provided by this Policy is being used otherwise than in 
accordance with paragraph 4 - Limitations as to use of the 
Motor Car, or being driven by any person other than an 
Insured Driver or is for the purposes of being driven by him 
in the charge of such person; 
(b) any accident, loss, damage or liability (except so far as it is 
necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles 
Insurance (Third Party Risks) Ordinance) directly or indirectly, 
proximately or remotely, occasioned by, contributed to by or 
traceable to or arising out of or in connection with: 
i. 
war, invasion, act of foreign enemies, hostilities or warlike 
operations (whether war be declared or not), civil war, 
mutiny, military rising, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, 
military or usurped power; 
ii. 
strike, riot, civil commotion; or 
iii. 
detention, seizure, confiscation or any attempt thereat; 
or by any direct or indirect consequences of any of the said 
occurrences; 
(c) any liability which attaches by virtue of an agreement but which 
would not have attached in the absence of such agreement; 
(d) any accident, loss or damage to any property whatsoever or any 
loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any 
consequential loss or any liability of whatsoever nature directly or 
indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionizing 
radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or 
from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel, and 
for the purpose of this paragraph 17(d), combustion shall include 
any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission; 
(e) any accident, loss, damage or liability directly or indirectly caused 
by or contributed to by or arising from nuclear weapon materials;  
(f) 
any accident, loss, damage or liability caused, sustained or 
incurred whilst the Motor Car is being or attempted to be driven 
by, or is in the charge of, or is under the control of the Insured or 
Insured Driver: 
i. 
who is convicted of an offence for being under the influence 
of drink and/or drugs at the time of Event to such an extent 
as to be incapable of having proper control of the Motor Car; 
or 
ii. 
when the proportion of alcohol in his/her breath, blood or 
urine exceeds the prescribed limit as stipulated in Section 2 
of the Road Traffic Ordinance (Cap. 374) as may be 
amended from time to time or any legislation which replaces 
the same; or 
iii. 
who is convicted of an offence for failing, without reasonable 
excuse, to provide a specimen of breath, oral fluid, blood, or 
urine for testing or analysis, or to perform any other relevant 
test, as required by law. 
(g) any loss, damage, death, injury, disablement, liabilities, costs or 
expenses of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by, 
contributed to by, resulting from, or arising out of or in connection 
with: 
i. 
any act of terrorism regardless of any other cause or event 
contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the 
loss; or 
ii. 
any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating 
against or responding to any such act of terrorism; 
For the purpose of this exclusion, an act of terrorism includes any 
act, preparation or threat of action of any person or group(s) of 
persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with 
any organization(s) or government(s) de jure or de facto 
committed for political, religious, ideological, or similar purposes 
including the intention to influence any government de jure or de 
facto of any nation or any political division thereof and/or to 
intimidate the public or any section of the public of any nation and 
which  
• 
involves violence against one or more persons;  
• 
involves damage to property;  
• 
endangers life other than that of the person committing the 
action;  
• 
creates a risk to the health or safety of the public or a section 
of the public; or 
• 
is designed to interfere with or disrupt an electronic system. 
(h) i.      any loss, damage, liability, claim, cost or expense of 
whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or 
contributed to by, resulting from, arising out of or in 
connection with Cyber Act.   
• 
Cyber Act means any unauthorized, malicious or 
criminal acts, regardless of time and place, involving 
access to, processing, use or operation of any 
computer system, computer software program, 
malicious code, Computer Virus or process or any other 
electronic system.   

 
 
5 
 
ZPP-002-05-2024E 
• 
Computer Virus means a set of corrupting, harmful or 
otherwise unauthorized instructions or code including a 
set of maliciously introduced unauthorized instructions 
or code, programmatic or otherwise, that propagate 
themselves through a computer system or network of 
whatsoever nature. Computer virus includes but is not 
limited to “Trojan Horses”, “worms” and “time or logic 
bombs”. 
ii. 
any loss, damage, destruction, distortion, erasure, corruption 
or alteration of Electronic Data caused by whatsoever 
reason, including but not limited to Cyber Act; or any loss of 
use of Electronic Data, reduction in functionality, cost, 
expense of whatsoever nature resulting therefrom, 
regardless of any other cause or event contributing 
concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss. 
• 
Electronic Data means facts, concepts and information 
converted to a form useable for communications, 
interpretation or processing by electronic and 
electromechanical data processing or electronically 
controlled equipment and includes programs, software 
and other coded instructions for the processing and 
manipulation of data or the direction and manipulation 
of such equipment. 
iii. 
Electronic Data loss: 
In the event of physical loss or damage to the Data 
Processing Media insured by this Policy, then this Policy will 
cover the cost to repair or replace the Data Processing 
Media itself plus the costs of copying the Electronic Data 
from back-up or from originals of a previous generation. Any 
costs incurred from research and engineering or recreating, 
gathering or assembling such Electronic Data shall be 
excluded.  If such media is not repaired, replaced or 
restored, the basis of valuation shall be the cost of the blank 
Data Processing Media. However, this Policy excludes any 
amount pertaining to the value of such Data, to the Insured 
or any other party, even if such Data cannot be recreated, 
gathered or assembled.  
• 
Data Processing Media means any property insured by 
this Policy on which Electronic Data can be stored but 
not the Electronic Data itself. 
(i) 
any loss, damage or liability which at the time of the happening of 
such loss, damage or liability is insured by any other policy(ies) 
except in respect of any excess beyond the amount which would 
have been payable under such other policy(ies). 
(j) 
any loss, damage, claim, cost, expense or other sum, directly or 
indirectly arising out of, attributable to, or occurring concurrently 
or in any sequence with a Communicable Disease or the fear or 
threat (whether actual or perceived) of a Communicable Disease. 
For the purposes of this exclusion, loss, damage, claim, cost, 
expense or other sum, includes, but is not limited to, any cost to 
clean-up, detoxify, remove, monitor or test: for a Communicable 
Disease, or any property insured hereunder that is affected by 
such Communicable Disease. 
As used herein, a Communicable Disease means any disease 
which can be transmitted by means of any substance or agent 
from any organism to another organism where: 
• 
the substance or agent includes, but is not limited to, a virus, 
bacterium, parasite or other organism or any variation 
thereof, whether deemed living or not, and 
• 
the method of transmission, whether direct or indirect, 
includes but is not limited to, airborne transmission, bodily 
fluid transmission, transmission from or to any surface or 
object, solid, liquid or gas or between organisms, and 
• 
the disease, substance or agent can cause or threaten 
damage to human health or human welfare or can cause or 
threaten damage to, deterioration of, loss of value of, 
marketability of or loss of use of property insured hereunder. 
In any action suit or other proceedings where the Insurer alleges that 
by reason of paragraphs 17(a)(ii), 17(b) and 17(g), any accident, loss, 
damage or liability is not indemnifiable by this Policy, the burden of 
proving that such accident, loss, damage or liability is indemnifiable 
shall be upon the person claiming to be indemnified. 
 
PART 8 
(18) General conditions 
(a) Every notice or communication to be given or made under this 
Policy shall be delivered in writing to the Insurer. 
(b) In the event of any occurrence which may give rise to a claim 
under this Policy, the Insured shall immediately give notice 
thereof to the Insurer with full particulars. 
Every letter, claim, writ, summons and process shall be notified or 
forwarded to the Insurer immediately on receipt by the Insured. 
Notice shall also be given in writing to the Insurer immediately if 
the Insured or any person claiming to be indemnified shall have 
knowledge of any impending prosecution, inquest or fatal inquiry 
in respect of any occurrence which may give rise to a claim under 
this Policy. In case of theft or other criminal act which may be the 
subject of a claim under this Policy, the Insured shall give 
immediate notice to the police and cooperate with the Insurer in 
securing the conviction of the offender. 
(c) No admission, offer, promise, payment or indemnity shall be 
made or given by or on behalf of the Insured or any person 
claiming to be indemnified without the prior written consent of the 
Insurer which shall be entitled to take over and conduct in the 
name of the Insured or such person the defense or settlement of 
any claim or to prosecute in the name of the Insured or such 
person for the Insurer’s own benefit any claim for indemnity or 
damages or otherwise and the Insurer shall have full discretion in 
the conduct of any proceedings and in the settlement of any claim 
and the Insured and such person shall give all such information 
and assistance as the Insurer may require. 
(d) The Insured shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard the 
Motor Car from loss or damage and to maintain it in efficient 
condition and the Insurer shall have at all times free and full 
access to examine the Motor Car or any part thereof or any driver 
or employee of the Insured. In the event of any accident or 
breakdown, the Motor Car shall not be left unattended without 
proper precautions being taken to prevent further damage or loss 
and if the Motor Car be driven before the necessary repairs are 
effected, any extension of the damage or any further damage to 
the Motor Car or third party legal liabilities arising therefrom shall 
be excluded from the scope of indemnity granted by this Policy. 
(e) i.      The Insurer may cancel this Policy by giving seven days’ 
notice by registered letter to the Insured at his last known 
address. The Insurer shall, in the event of cancellation, 
return to the Insured the premium paid less the pro rata 
portion thereof for the period the Policy has been in force. 
The Insured may cancel the Policy by giving seven days’ 
written notice and (provided no claim has arisen during the 
Period of Insurance and the current certificate of insurance 
has been returned to the Insurer on or before the date of 
cancellation) the Insured shall be entitled to a return of the 
premium paid less the premium calculated at the following 
short period rates for the period this Policy has been in force. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a claim has been paid under 
this Policy on a total loss basis, there shall be no refund of 
premium from the Insurer to the Insured, even if the Policy is 
cancelled. 
ii. 
Short period rates 
The amount of premium to be returned upon cancellation of 
the Policy by the Insured is calculated by reference to the 
following scale, subject to the minimum annual premium of 
HKD 1,300 having been paid by the Insured for the Period of 
Insurance. 
Period (not exceeding) 
 
One month 
25% of annual premium 
Two months 
35% of annual premium 
Three months 
45% of annual premium 
Four months 
55% of annual premium 
Five months 
65% of annual premium 
Six months 
75% of annual premium 
Seven or eight months 
85% of annual premium 
(Exceeding) eight months 
Full annual premium 
(f) 
If at the time any claim arises under this Policy there is any other 
insurance covering the same loss, damage or liability, the Insurer 
shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than it’s ratable 
proportion of any loss, damage, compensation, costs or expenses 
provided always that nothing in this paragraph 18(f) shall impose 
on the Insurer any liability from which but for this paragraph 18(f) 
they would have been relieved pursuant to sub-paragraph 
12(a)(ii). 

 
 
6 
 
ZPP-002-05-2024E 
(g) In the event of a dispute arising out of this Policy, or the certificate 
of insurance, the parties may settle the dispute through mediation 
in good faith in accordance with the relevant Practice Direction on 
civil mediation issued by the Judiciary of Hong Kong and 
applicable at the time of dispute. If the parties are unable to settle 
the dispute through mediation within 90 days, the parties shall 
refer the dispute to arbitration administered by the Hong Kong 
International Arbitration Centre (‘HKIAC’) under the HKIAC 
Administered Arbitration Rules in force when the Notice of 
Arbitration is submitted. 
The law of this arbitration clause shall be Hong Kong law and the 
seat of arbitration shall be Hong Kong. The number of arbitrators 
shall be one and the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in 
English. 
It is expressly stated that the obtaining of an arbitral award is a 
condition precedent to any right of legal action arising out of this 
Policy or the certificate of insurance. Irrespective of the status or 
outcome of any form of alternative dispute resolution, if the 
Insurer denies or rejects liability for any claim under this Policy or 
the certificate of insurance and the Insured does not commence 
arbitration in the aforesaid manner within 12 calendar months 
from the date of the Insurer’s denial or rejection, the Insured’s 
claim shall then for all purposes be deemed to have been 
withdrawn or abandoned and shall not thereafter be recoverable 
under this Policy or the certificate of insurance. 
(h) This Policy and all certificates of insurance shall be governed by 
and interpreted in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
Hong Kong. Subject to paragraph 18(g) herein, the parties agree 
to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Hong Kong courts. 
(i) 
Rights of third parties 
Other than the Insured, or as expressly provided to the contrary, a 
person who is not a party to this Policy has no right to enforce or 
to enjoy the benefit of any term of this Policy. Any legislation in 
relation to third parties’ rights in a contract shall not be applicable 
to this Policy. Notwithstanding any terms of this Policy, the 
consent of any third party is not required for any variation 
(including any release or compromise of any liability under) or 
termination of this Policy. 
(j) 
Statement of purpose for collection of personal data 
All personal data collected and held by the Insurer will be used in 
accordance with the Insurer’s privacy policy, as notified to the 
Insured from time to time and available at this website: 
https://www.zurich.com.hk/en/services/privacy. 
The Insured shall, and shall procure the Insured/Insured Driver to, 
authorize the Insurer to use and transfer data (within or outside 
Hong Kong), including sensitive personal data as defined in any 
applicable laws, rules or guidelines, for the necessary purposes 
as set out in the Insurer’s privacy policy as applicable from time to 
time. When information about a third party is provided by the 
Insured to the Insurer, the Insured warrants that proper consents 
from the relevant data subjects have been obtained before the 
personal data are provided to the Insurer, enabling the Insurer to 
assess, process, issue and administer this Policy, including 
without limitation, conducting any due diligence, compliance and 
sanction checks on such data subjects. 
(k) Notwithstanding any other terms under this Policy, no insurer 
shall be deemed to provide coverage or will make any payments 
or provide any service or benefit to any insured or other party to 
the extent that such cover, payment, service, benefit and/or any 
business or activity of the Insured would violate any applicable 
trade or economic sanctions law or regulation. 
The above clause shall also apply for any trade or economic 
sanction law or regulation that the insurer deems applicable or if 
the insured or other party receiving payment, service or benefit is 
a sanctioned person. 
 
 
PART 9 
(19) Claims services 
Upon the happening of a traffic accident involving the Motor Car, the 
Insured should: 
(a) notify the Insurer immediately; 
(b) fill in a Claim Form and supply the following required documents; 
i. 
original Motor Vehicle Accident Report form and letter of 
consent, duly completed and signed by the Insured and the 
driver involved; 
ii. 
copy of the Driving License and Hong Kong Identity Card, 
valid at the time of accident, of the driver involved; 
iii. 
copy of the Vehicle Registration Document (both sides) of 
the Motor Car; 
iv. 
estimate of repair, if available; and 
v. 
screening breath test report of the driver involved, if any. 
(c) forward all correspondences from third party and/or police 
summons to the Insurer for handling. 
For further assistance, please contact the Motor Claims Department of 
the Insurer. 
Hotline: +852 2903 9388 
Direct fax: +852 2968 1660 
 
 
PART 10 
(20) Extra benefits 
Note: All the extra benefits from (a) to (n) are applicable to 
Comprehensive cover policy. As to Third Party Only cover and Third 
Party Fire & Theft cover policy, only (l) to (n) are applicable and (g), (h) 
and (i) are at the Insured’s own cost. 
(a) Claim-free discount protection 
Notwithstanding paragraphs 16(c) and (d), if the total amount of 
claims incurred under any sections of the Policy in any one period 
of insurance does not exceed HKD 50,000 after the application of 
any excess specified in the Schedule, the Insured shall be entitled 
to a CFD on premium at renewal. The CFD is determined by the 
Insurer taking into account factors including but not limited to the 
CFD Group stated in the table under paragraph 16, the age of the 
driver and the year of manufacture of the Motor Car.  
It is hereby agreed that all claims shall be accounted for and this 
extra benefit section shall not apply in the event the CFD on 
premium is to be transferred to any other insurance company for 
whatever reason including non-renewal by both parties. 
(b) New for old replacement vehicle 
In the event of the Motor Car having sustained a total loss, the 
Insurer agrees to replace the Motor Car of the same make and 
model without deducting any depreciation provided that: 
i. 
the Insured is the first or second registered owner; 
ii. 
the loss occurs within 36 months after the first registration of 
the Motor Car with the Transport Department; 
iii. 
the first or second registration of the Motor Car with the 
Transport Department must be made within 12 months from 
the date of manufacture thereof; 
iv. 
the make and model of the Motor Car is available in the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region; 
v. 
the modifications, if any, are excluded; 
vi. 
additional accessories and equipment, other than optional 
accessories and equipment installed by Motor Car 
manufacturer and the value of which is insured, are 
excluded; 
vii. the Insured's estimated value of the Motor Car as specified 
in the Schedule must be at least the “New Replacement 
Value” (as defined in Clause 5(d) (i)) of the Motor Car at the 
time of effective date of this Policy;  and  
viii. written consent of the Insurer must be obtained before 
replacement; 
However, when the Insured chooses not to accept the 
replacement car or the replacement car is not available, the 
Insurer shall pay the Insured in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Policy as if this extra benefit section does not 
apply. 
(c) Compensation for car damage (applicable to loss or damage 
to Motor Car and Motor Car not exceeding six years from 
date of manufacture) 
In respect of loss or damage to the Motor Car and the Motor Car 
repair is done by a motor vehicle repairer designated by the 
Insurer which is specified in the Zurich Garage-Pro Services as 
updated by the Insurer from time to time, the Insurer agrees to 
indemnify the Insured on the actual repairing and spare parts 
replacement costs (subject to the claims excesses applicable to 
Section 1 as specified in the Schedule) and the Insured is not 
required to bear the amount of Betterment Contribution.  
This benefit is only applicable to Motor Car not exceeding six (6) 
years from the year of manufacture printed in the vehicle 
registration document issued by the Transport Department. 
(d) Medical expenses and personal accident protection 
The following paragraph is incorporated into paragraph 15 of 
Section 3 Indemnity of medical expenses. 

 
 
7 
 
ZPP-002-05-2024E 
In addition to the above, the Insurer and the Insured agree that if 
as a result of bodily injury by violent, accidental, external and 
visible means sustained by the Insured and/or Named Driver(s) 
under this Policy as the direct and immediate result of an accident 
to the Motor Car resulting in: 
i. 
death; or 
ii. 
the loss by physical separation at or above the wrist or ankle 
of one or both hands or feet; or 
iii. 
the complete and irrecoverable loss of all sight in one or both 
eyes;  
the Insurer shall pay HKD 100,000 in total as compensation. 
(e) Additional medical expenses 
The Insurer and the Insured agree that the limit of indemnity 
under paragraph 15 of Section 3 – Indemnity of medical expenses 
for the Insured or the Insured Driver(s) is increased to HKD 5,000. 
(f) 
Free windscreen cover 
In respect of loss or damage to the front windscreen of the Motor 
Car only, where the repair or replacement is done by a motor car 
windscreen repairer designated by the Insurer, paragraph 7(d) of 
section 1 of this Policy shall not be applicable. 
(g) 24-hour emergency roadside services 
In any event of mechanical breakdown of, defect having occurred 
in or accident to the Motor Car, the Insurer shall provide twenty-
four-hour telephone advisory service and if the Motor Car is 
known to be immobilized, unfit or unsafe to be driven, the Insurer 
shall at its own expense, excluding fuel and any parts or 
accessories, arrange emergency roadside repair service at the 
request of the Insured or his authorized driver. In such case, the 
Motor Car must not be left unattended prior to the arrival of the 
provider of the repair service.  
In the event of adverse weather conditions, the Insurer reserves 
the right to suspend the services provided under this extra benefit 
section. 
The maximum liability of the Insurer under this extra benefit 
section is HKD 2,000 in each and every assistance case. 
(h) 24-hour emergency towing service 
If the Motor Car is immobilized , unfit or unsafe to be driven due to 
an accident to or mechanical breakdown or depletion of battery of 
the Motor Car, the condition of which is beyond repair at the 
roadside, the Insurer shall at its own expense, excluding toll or 
tunnel charge, arrange for the Motor Car to be towed to the 
nearest designated garage or any other place in the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region requested by the Insured or his 
authorized driver. In such case the Motor Car must not be left 
unattended prior to the arrival of the provider of the towing 
service. 
In the event of adverse weather conditions, the Insurer reserves 
the right to suspend the services provided under this section. 
The maximum liability of the Insurer under this section is HKD 
2,000 in each and every assistance case.  
The Insurer will reimburse the taxi expenses of the Insured as a 
result of the Motor Car being towed due to depletion of battery.  
The reimbursement shall not exceed HKD 200 per assistance 
case, with a maximum of one claim per policy year. 
(i) 
Temporary substitute vehicle 
If the Motor Car is: 
i. 
immobilized, unfit or unsafe to be driven due to an accident 
to the Motor Car after 48 hours from such accident; or 
ii. 
discovered stolen and is not found within 48 hours after such 
discovery,  
(a) the Insurer shall at the request of the Insured nominate 
an independent car rental contractor in the supply of a 
substitute car provided that 
the make and model of the substitute car is at the 
discretion of the Insurer and may not be identical 
to the Motor Car; 
• 
the Insured is responsible for 20% of the car rental 
expense; 
• 
the Insurer is not responsible for the delivery of the 
substitute car; 
• 
only the Insured or any of the Named Driver(s) 
specified in the Schedule can be registered as the 
driver of the substitute car; 
in the event of immobilization of the Motor Car or it 
being unfit or unsafe to be driven, the towing of the 
Motor Car subsequent to the accident will be 
arranged by the Insurer; or 
in the event of the Motor Car being stolen, the 
statement reporting the loss to the police shall be 
produced by the Insured. 
The Insurer shall discontinue to provide the substitute 
car as soon as the repair of the Motor Car is duly 
completed or in the event of the Motor Car being stolen, 
as soon as the Motor Car is recovered and first handed 
over to the Insured. 
The maximum liability of the Insurer under this section 
is HKD 4,000 in each and every accident. The Insurer 
shall only be liable for its proportion of the actual rental 
costs. All other costs are the responsibility of the 
Insured. For the purpose of providing the benefits under 
this section, the Insurer shall nominate an independent 
car rental contractor and the Insured shall upon 
claiming for the benefits under this section comply with 
the terms and conditions of the car rental contractor. If 
the car rental contractor nominated by the Insurer does 
not make the substitute car available, the Insured may 
upon agreement of the Insurer, arrange a substitute car 
of make and model equivalent to the Motor Car and the 
Insurer shall reimburse the Insured the expenses 
incurred therefor according to the terms and conditions 
under this section. 
(b) Alternatively, if the Insured does not request for the 
above temporary substitute vehicle, the Insured may 
claim for the expenses of taxi fees by providing the 
Insurer receipts in support.  The Insurer will reimburse 
the Insured the expenses of taxi fees incurred from the 
date of accident up to and including the date on which 
the repair of the Motor Car is duly completed or in the 
event of the Motor Car being stolen, from the date the 
car was stolen, up to and including the day on which 
the Motor Car is recovered and first handed over to the 
Insured. The maximum liability of the Insurer under this 
section is HKD 2,000 in each and every accident. 
(c) If the Motor Car is immobilized, unfit or unsafe to be 
driven due to an accident to the Motor Car and the 
repairment exceeds 14 days from the date of accident 
up to and including the date on which the repair of the 
Motor Car is duly completed and first handed over to 
the Insured, and the Insured does not request for the 
above temporary substitute vehicle in paragraph 
20(i)(a);  and does not claim for the expenses of taxi 
fees in paragraph 20(i)(b), the Insurer will pay the 
Insured a benefit of HKD1,000. The maximum liability of 
the Insurer under this section is HKD 1,000 in each and 
every accident.  
(j) 
Claims recovery service 
i. 
A claims recovery service will be provided by the Insurer to 
pursue recovery of claims excess(es) of the Insured referred 
to in Section 1 incurred as a result of an accident occurring 
in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region which: 
• 
has been reported to the Insurer and compensation has 
been paid by the Insurer for the damage to the Motor 
Car; and 
• 
is attributable to the negligence on the part of the third 
party(ies) who is/are convicted of traffic offence(s).  
ii. 
The Insurer reserves its right to decide whether to take or 
discontinue any recovery action at its absolute discretion.  
The Insurer does not guarantee the results of a recovery 
action and the Insurer shall not bear any legal responsibility 
for the failure of any action.  
iii. 
The Insured is required to render full assistance and co-
operation with the Insurer in the course of the recovery 
action. 
iv. 
Legal costs and all relevant disbursements which are 
necessarily incurred in a recovery action will be jointly borne 
by the Insured and the Insurer in accordance with the 
proportion of their respective claims. 
v. 
Upon successful recovery, the Insurer shall refund the claim 
excess(es) to the Insured less any fees/expenses incurred 
by the Insurer in pursuing the recovery. 
(k) Electric car charger coverage 
In the event of accidental damage to the Electric Car Charger of 
the Motor Car owned by the insured, the Insurer will pay the 
actual expenses of repairing or replacing the Electric Car 
Charger. The reimbursement shall not exceed HKD 5,000 per 
accident, with a maximum of one claim per policy year. 
Electric Car Charger means a private electric car charger installed 
by licensed electrician within the Geographical Area.   
(l) 
Electric car charger third party legal liability  
Subject to the Policy limits of liability, conditions and exceptions, 
the Insurer shall indemnify the Insured and/or the Insured Driver 

 
 
8 
 
ZPP-002-05-2024E 
against all sums including claimant’s costs and expenses which 
the Insured and/or such Insured Driver shall become legally liable 
to pay and other costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of 
the Insured and/or such Insured Driver with the Insurer’s written 
consent in respect of: 
i. 
damage to third party property; and/or  
ii. 
death of or bodily injury to any person (except injury for 
which compensation is being claimed by the injured person 
or any dependent from the Insured and/or Insured Driver 
under the Employees’ Compensation Ordinance) not a 
member of the Insured’s or Insured Driver’s family, or not 
being in charge or under the control of the Insured or Insured 
Driver, or of a person acting on behalf of the Insured or 
Insured Driver, or engaged in his service at the time of death 
or bodily injury; and such death or bodily injury  
arising from an accident caused by or due to the direct and proper 
use of an Electric Car Charger while charging the Motor Car 
within the Geographical Area. 
The maximum limit of indemnity is HKD 20,000,000 per accident 
and per period of insurance. 
In respect of any accident giving rise to a claim for indemnity 
against liabilities for third party property damage, the Insurer shall 
not be liable for the first HKD 5,000 of such claim. 
Electric Car Charger means a public or private electric car 
charger is installed by licensed electrician within the Geographical 
Area. 
For the avoidance of doubt, paragraphs 10(c), 11, 12(a) to 12(d) 
and 12(f) apply to this paragraph 20(l). 
 
 
(m) 24-hour traffic regulation enquiry service 
The Insurer shall, at the request of the Insured or his authorized 
driver, provide over the phone general information on Hong Kong 
traffic regulations and the possible liabilities after a traffic 
accident/event. The Insurer shall not be liable to provide 
information or advice beyond its capacity or for loss or damage 
resulting therefrom. 
The Insured shall obtain independent legal advice if necessary. 
(n) 24-hour claims enquiry service 
A claims enquiry service hotline is available 24 hours a day to the 
Insured to advise on the claims procedures and how to report a 
claim. 
Hotline (24-hour): +852 2886 3977 
Remarks:  
i. 
Extra benefits in paragraph 20 are subject to specified limits. 
ii. 
Sub-paragraphs (g) to (i), (m) and (n) are services provided 
by the service provider nominated by the Insurer. The 
Insurer shall not be held responsible for any act or failure to 
act on the part of the service providers or any disputes 
arising between the Insured and the service provider. 
iii. 
Services in sub-paragraphs (g) to (l) are provided in the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region only and are not 
applicable to accidents or breakdowns outside the Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region. 
iv. 
The Insured is reminded to report any traffic accident to the 
Insurer for completion of the accident report form without 
delay. 
 
There are two versions of this policy, one in English and one in 
Chinese. If there is any discrepancy between the English and the 
Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail.
 
 
 
 
Zurich Insurance Company Ltd (a company incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) 
25-26/F, One Island East, 18 Westlands Road, Island East, Hong Kong